The month, 12 months, 1 year, 12 months, the name of the month.
January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December.
The first month of the year is January. The second month of the year is February.
The third month of the year is March. The fourth month of the year is April.
The fifth month of the year is May. The sixth month of the year is June.
The seventh month of the year is July. The eighth month of the year is August.
The ninth month of the year is September. The tenth month of the year is October.
The eleventh month of the year is November. The twelfth month of the year is December.
The first day of January is called the New Year's Day.
The first day of the year is called the New Year's Eve.
The last day of the year is called the New Year's Eve.
How many days are there in January?
There are 31 days in January.
How many days are there in February?
There are 28 days.
Once in four years, February has 29 days.
Then it is Lepia.
How many days are there in a year?
There are 365 days.
In Lepias, we have one day more.
Proverbs, the phrase, make hay while the sun shines.
While the sun is shining, sow the grass.
Hunger is the best source.